Give the valueSet example a more detailed description (#78)
AlaskaAirlines/auro-datepicker: docs/partials/api.md

### Watch for value changes

> The following example listens for the `auroDatePicker-valueSet` event. Once triggered, `element.value` may be queried for the new value and in successful scenarios, an alert will appear. The JavaScript console in the browser's developer tools can also be opened to see the `console.warn` message that appears after the `auroDatePicker-valueSet` event has been triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example listens for the `auroDatePicker-valueSet` event. Once triggered, `element.value` may be queried for the new value and in successful scenarios, an alert will appear. Open the JavaScript console in the browser's developer tools to see the `console.warn` message that appears after the `auroDatePicker-valueSet` event has been triggered.
```
